README.md, before:

RFID Library
============

125Khz RFID library for Arduino. 

This library only support TTL RS232 serial port.

![125Khz RFID Reader][RFID Image]


Spark Core
----------
Adapted for Spark Core by Paul Kourany, Jan 2015

### Usage
Connecting RFID Reader RX, TX to Spark Core pins.

```
Seed    Spark (Serial1 or 2)
RX <--> TX
TX <--> RX
```

Arduino
-------

When read the data from some RFID card, you will get data like `00 91 6f 0b f5`.

Example:
```
your card number: 0009531147
that your data  : 00 91 6f 0b f5
```
**Notice, f5 is the check bit**

`f5 = 00^91^6f^0b`


#### Pins 

1. VCC support 3.3 ~ 5V
2. TX, RX connect to Arduino or Seeeduino
3. T1, T2 is the Signal port for RFID antenna
4. W0, W1 is for wiegand protocol, but this library not support yet.

```
     		+-----------+
++++++++----|VCC	  T1|----
|  +++++----|GND	  T2|----
|  | |++----|TX		 SER|----
|  | |	----|RX		 LED|----	
|  | |	----|W0		BEEP|----
|  | |	----|W1		 GND|----
|  | |		+-----------+
|  | \___________________________________
|  |_____________________________        |
|                                |       |
|                              + + + + + + + +  + + + + + + + +
|                              | | | | | | | |  | | | | | | | |
|                              | | | | | | | |  | | | | | | | |
|            +-----------------|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|--|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-+
|            |                 x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x |
|            |              xxx                                 |
|       +--------+          xxx    --- ---    .............     |
|       |        |                | - x + |  ' |  ||\ |.-. '    +
|       |        |          ^      --- ---   | |__|| \|._. |     x
|       |        |        <+++>    ARDUINO   '.............'      +
|       +--------+          V                                     |
|            |            _____                       ++-++   xx  |
|            |           <_____>                      +-O-+   xx  |
|            |                                        ++-++   xx  |
|            |+--++--                                             |
|            ||||++--                  +---------------------+    |
|            |+--++--                  |                     |    |
|            |                         |                     |    |
|         ++------+                    +---------------------+    |
|         ++      |                                               +
|         ++      |          +-+ +-+                             x
|         ++------+          +-+ +-+   x-x-x-x-x-x x-x-x-x-x-x  +
|            +-------------------------|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|--+
|                                      | | | | | | | | | | | |
|                                      | | | | | | | | | | | |
|                                      + + + + + + + + + + + +
|____________________________________________|
	
```

### Usage
Connecting RFID Reader RX, TX to Arduino pin headers.

`RX <--> 10`
`TX <--> 11`

```c
// RFID_UART.ino

#include <SoftwareSerial.h>
#include <SeeedRFID.h>

#define RFID_RX_PIN 10
#define RFID_TX_PIN 11

#define TEST

SeeedRFID RFID(RFID_RX_PIN, RFID_TX_PIN);
RFIDdata tag;

void setup() {
	Serial.begin(57600);
	Serial.println("Hello, double bk!");
}

void loop() { 
	if(RFID.isAvailable()){
		tag = RFID.data();
		Serial.print("RFID card number: ");
		Serial.println(RFID.cardNumber());
#ifdef TEST
	Serial.print("RFID raw data: ");
	for(int i=0; i<tag.dataLen; i++){
	    Serial.print(tag.raw[i], HEX);
	    Serial.print('\t');
		}
#endif
	}
}

```


----

This library is written by [Ye Xiaobo][Github Homepage] for seeed studio<br>
and is licensed under [The MIT License](https://github.com/yexiaobo-seeedstudio/RFID_Library/blob/master/LICENSE). <br>

Contributing to this software is warmly welcomed. You can do this basically by<br>
[forking](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo), committing modifications and then [pulling requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) (follow the links above<br>
for operating guide). Adding change log and your contact into file header is encouraged.<br>
Thanks for your contribution.

Seeed Studio is an open hardware facilitation company based in Shenzhen, China. <br>
Benefiting from local manufacture power and convenient global logistic system, <br>
we integrate resources to serve new era of innovation. Seeed also works with <br>
global distributors and partners to push open hardware movement.<br>


[RFID Image]: http://www.seeedstudio.com/wiki/images/6/6a/RFID.jpg
[Github Homepage]: https://github.com/yexiaobo-seeedstudio



[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-46589105-3/RFID_Library)](https://github.com/igrigorik/ga-beacon)

Commit message:

Note on need for Seria1.begin() in setup()

README.md, after:

RFID Library
============

125Khz RFID library for Arduino. 

This library only support TTL RS232 serial port.

![125Khz RFID Reader][RFID Image]


Spark Core
----------
Adapted for Spark Core by Paul Kourany, Jan 2015

NOTE: Serial1 must be initialized in setup() using ```Serial1.begin(9600);```.  See the example.

### Usage
Connecting RFID Reader RX, TX to Spark Core pins.

```
Seed    Spark (Serial1 or 2)
RX <--> TX
TX <--> RX
```

Arduino
-------

When read the data from some RFID card, you will get data like `00 91 6f 0b f5`.

Example:
```
your card number: 0009531147
that your data  : 00 91 6f 0b f5
```
**Notice, f5 is the check bit**

`f5 = 00^91^6f^0b`


#### Pins 

1. VCC support 3.3 ~ 5V
2. TX, RX connect to Arduino or Seeeduino
3. T1, T2 is the Signal port for RFID antenna
4. W0, W1 is for wiegand protocol, but this library not support yet.

```
     		+-----------+
++++++++----|VCC	  T1|----
|  +++++----|GND	  T2|----
|  | |++----|TX		 SER|----
|  | |	----|RX		 LED|----	
|  | |	----|W0		BEEP|----
|  | |	----|W1		 GND|----
|  | |		+-----------+
|  | \___________________________________
|  |_____________________________        |
|                                |       |
|                              + + + + + + + +  + + + + + + + +
|                              | | | | | | | |  | | | | | | | |
|                              | | | | | | | |  | | | | | | | |
|            +-----------------|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|--|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-+
|            |                 x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x |
|            |              xxx                                 |
|       +--------+          xxx    --- ---    .............     |
|       |        |                | - x + |  ' |  ||\ |.-. '    +
|       |        |          ^      --- ---   | |__|| \|._. |     x
|       |        |        <+++>    ARDUINO   '.............'      +
|       +--------+          V                                     |
|            |            _____                       ++-++   xx  |
|            |           <_____>                      +-O-+   xx  |
|            |                                        ++-++   xx  |
|            |+--++--                                             |
|            ||||++--                  +---------------------+    |
|            |+--++--                  |                     |    |
|            |                         |                     |    |
|         ++------+                    +---------------------+    |
|         ++      |                                               +
|         ++      |          +-+ +-+                             x
|         ++------+          +-+ +-+   x-x-x-x-x-x x-x-x-x-x-x  +
|            +-------------------------|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|--+
|                                      | | | | | | | | | | | |
|                                      | | | | | | | | | | | |
|                                      + + + + + + + + + + + +
|____________________________________________|
	
```

### Usage
Connecting RFID Reader RX, TX to Arduino pin headers.

`RX <--> 10`
`TX <--> 11`

```c
// RFID_UART.ino

#include <SoftwareSerial.h>
#include <SeeedRFID.h>

#define RFID_RX_PIN 10
#define RFID_TX_PIN 11

#define TEST

SeeedRFID RFID(RFID_RX_PIN, RFID_TX_PIN);
RFIDdata tag;

void setup() {
	Serial.begin(57600);
	Serial.println("Hello, double bk!");
}

void loop() { 
	if(RFID.isAvailable()){
		tag = RFID.data();
		Serial.print("RFID card number: ");
		Serial.println(RFID.cardNumber());
#ifdef TEST
	Serial.print("RFID raw data: ");
	for(int i=0; i<tag.dataLen; i++){
	    Serial.print(tag.raw[i], HEX);
	    Serial.print('\t');
		}
#endif
	}
}

```


----

This library is written by [Ye Xiaobo][Github Homepage] for seeed studio<br>
and is licensed under [The MIT License](https://github.com/yexiaobo-seeedstudio/RFID_Library/blob/master/LICENSE). <br>

Contributing to this software is warmly welcomed. You can do this basically by<br>
[forking](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo), committing modifications and then [pulling requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests) (follow the links above<br>
for operating guide). Adding change log and your contact into file header is encouraged.<br>
Thanks for your contribution.

Seeed Studio is an open hardware facilitation company based in Shenzhen, China. <br>
Benefiting from local manufacture power and convenient global logistic system, <br>
we integrate resources to serve new era of innovation. Seeed also works with <br>
global distributors and partners to push open hardware movement.<br>


[RFID Image]: http://www.seeedstudio.com/wiki/images/6/6a/RFID.jpg
[Github Homepage]: https://github.com/yexiaobo-seeedstudio



[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-46589105-3/RFID_Library)](https://github.com/igrigorik/ga-beacon)
